Feature: Add js client commons (#11)
aragon/osx-commons: sdk/README.md

> # Aragon OSx commons SDK utilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Aragon OSx Commons SDK
```

> `@aragon/osx-commons-sdk` provides a set of base classes for creating custom
> JS clients on top of the built-in one.
> 
> - Extendable JS client with built-in Web3, Subgraph and IPFS
> - Extendable context for holding inheritable configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@aragon/osx-commons-sdk` provides common utilities for the development of plugins and the OSx protocol. This includes:

- common helper functionality for
    - web3 interaction
    - subgraph interaction
    - file storage on IPFS
    - contract testing
- base classes for creating custom JS clients on top of the built-in one.

- Extendable JS client with built-in Web3, Subgraph and IPFS
- Extendable context for holding inheritable configuration
```

Please improve the above @josemarinas
